.TH "farcompilestrings" "1" "@DATE@" "OpenFst @VERSION@" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
farcompilestrings \- store compiled FSTs in a finite\-state archive
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B farcompilestrings
[\fIOPTIONS\fP] [\fIin1.txt\fP [[\fIin2.txt\fP ...] \fIout.far\fP]]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.P
Compiles a set of strings as FSTs and stores them in a finite\-state archive.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
Boolean options accept either \fItrue\fP or \fIfalse\fP as a value, or the
implicit value \fItrue\fP if neither value is specified.
.TP
\fB\-\-allow_negative_labels\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Allow negative labels (not recommended; may cause conflicts).  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-arc_type\fP=\fITYPE\fP
Set the output arc type.  Default: standard.
.TP
\fB\-\-entry_type\fP=\fITYPE\fP
Set the entry type, either \fIfile\fP (one FST per file) or \fIline\fP (one
FST per line).  Default: line.
.TP
\fB\-\-far_type\fP=\fITYPE\fP
Set the FAR file format, one of \fIdefault\fP, \fIfst\fP, \fIstlist\fP, or
\fIsttable\fP.  Default: default.
.TP
\fB\-\-file_list_input\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Each input file contains a list of files to be processed.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_align\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Write FST data aligned where appropriate.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_compat_symbols\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Require symbol tables to match when appropriate.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Enable garbage collection of cache.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc_limit\fP=\fIN\fP
Set the cache byte size that triggers garbage collection.  Default: 1048576.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_error_fatal[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
If true, FST errors are fatal.  Otherwise, returned objects are flagged as bad.
For example, FSTs are returned with the \fIkError\fP property set to true, and
FST weights set so that \fIMember()\fP returns false.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_field_separator\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters used as a separator between printed fields.  Default:
"	 ".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_read_mode\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the default file reading mode for mappable files, either "read" or "map".
Default: "read".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_type\fP=\fITYPE\fP
Set the output FST type.  Default: vector.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_verify_properties\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Verify fst properties queried by TestProperties.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_parentheses\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters enclosing the first weight of a printed composite weight
(e.g., pair weight, tuple weight, and derived classes) to ensure proper I/O of
nested composite weights.  Must have size 0 (none) or 2 (open and close
parenthesis).  Default: no parentheses.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_separator\fP=\fICHARACTER\fP
Set the character separator between printed composite weights.  Default: comma.
.TP
\fB\-\-generate_keys\fP=\fIN\fP
Generate N digit numeric keys.  Default: use file basenames.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-helpshort\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show brief usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-initial\-symbols[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
If \-\-keep\-symbols is true, store the symbol table for only the first FST in
the archive.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-keep\-symbols[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Store the symbol table in the FAR file.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-key_prefix\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the prefix to prepend to keys.  Default: no prefix.
.TP
\fB\-\-key_suffix\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the suffix to append to keys.  Default: no suffix.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_ipairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save input relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_opairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save output relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-symbols\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Read the label symbol table from a file.  Default: do not read a table.
.TP
\fB\-\-tmpdir\fP=\fIPATHNAME\fP
Set the temporary directory to use.  Default: /tmp.
.TP
\fB\-\-token_type\fP=\fITYPE\fP
Set the token type, one of \fIsymbol\fP, \fIbyte\fP, or \fIutf8\fP.  Default:
\fIsymbol\fP.
.TP
\fB\-\-unknown\-symbol=\fISTRING\fP
String to substitute for an unknown symbol.
.TP
\fB\-\-v\fP[=\fIN\fP]
Set the verbosity level.  Default: 0.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fIfarcreate\fP(1), \fIfarequal\fP(1), \fIfarextract\fP(1), \fIfarinfo\fP(1),
\fIfarisomorphic\fP(1), \fIfarprintstrings\fP(1)
