.TH "farprintstrings" "1" "@DATE@" "OpenFst @VERSION@" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
farprintstrings \- print FSTs in a finite\-state archive as strings
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B farprintstrings
[\fIOPTIONS\fP] [\fIin1.far in2.far\fP...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Prints the FSTs a finite\-state archive as strings.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
Boolean options accept either \fItrue\fP or \fIfalse\fP as a value, or the
implicit value \fItrue\fP if neither value is specified.
.TP
\fB\-\-begin_key\fP=\fINAME\fP
Set the first key to extract.  Default: first key in the archive.
.TP
\fB\-\-end_key\fP=\fINAME\fP
Set the last key to extract.  Default: last key in the archive.
.TP
\fB\-\-entry_type\fP=\fITYPE\fP
Set the entry type, either \fIfile\fP (one FST per file) or \fIline\fP (one
FST per line).  Default: line.
.TP
\fB\-\-filename_prefix\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the prefix to prepend to filenames.  Default: no prefix.
.TP
\fB\-\-filename_suffix\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the suffix to append to filenames.  Default: no suffix.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_align\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Write FST data aligned where appropriate.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_compat_symbols\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Require symbol tables to match when appropriate.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Enable garbage collection of cache.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc_limit\fP=\fIN\fP
Set the cache byte size that triggers garbage collection.  Default: 1048576.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_error_fatal[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
If true, FST errors are fatal.  Otherwise, returned objects are flagged as bad.
For example, FSTs are returned with the \fIkError\fP property set to true, and
FST weights set so that \fIMember()\fP returns false.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_field_separator\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters used as a separator between printed fields.  Default:
"	 ".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_read_mode\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the default file reading mode for mappable files, either "read" or "map".
Default: "read".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_verify_properties\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Verify fst properties queried by TestProperties.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_parentheses\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters enclosing the first weight of a printed composite weight
(e.g., pair weight, tuple weight, and derived classes) to ensure proper I/O of
nested composite weights.  Must have size 0 (none) or 2 (open and close
parenthesis).  Default: no parentheses.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_separator\fP=\fICHARACTER\fP
Set the character separator between printed composite weights.  Default: comma.
.TP
\fB\-\-generate_filenames\fP=\fIN\fP
Generate N digit numeric filenames.  Default: use keys.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-helpshort\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show brief usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-initial\-symbols[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Use the symbol table from the first FST in the archive for all entries.
.TP
\fB\-\-print_key\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Prefix each string by its key.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-print_weight\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Suffix each string by its weight.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_ipairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save input relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_opairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save output relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-symbols\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Read the label symbol table from a file.  Default: do not read a table.
.TP
\fB\-\-tmpdir\fP=\fIPATHNAME\fP
Set the temporary directory to use.  Default: /tmp.
.TP
\fB\-\-token_type\fP=\fITYPE\fP
Set the token type, one of \fIsymbol\fP, \fIbyte\fP, or \fIutf8\fP.  Default:
\fIsymbol\fP.
.TP
\fB\-\-v\fP[=\fIN\fP]
Set the verbosity level.  Default: 0.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fIfarcompilestrings\fP(1), \fIfarcreate\fP(1), \fIfarequal\fP(1),
\fIfarextract\fP(1), \fIfarinfo\fP(1), \fIfarisomorphic\fP(1)
