.TH "fstdraw" "1" "@DATE@" "OpenFst @VERSION@" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
fstdraw \- print an FST in DOT format
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B fstdraw
[\fIOPTIONS\fP] [\fIbinary.fst\fP [\fItext.dot\fP]]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Prints out binary FSTs in dot text format.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
Boolean options accept either \fItrue\fP or \fIfalse\fP as a value, or the
implicit value \fItrue\fP if neither value is specified.
.TP
\fB\-\-acceptor\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Input in acceptor format.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-allow_negative_labels\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Allow negative labels (not recommended; may cause conflicts).  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-float_format\fP=\fISTRING\fP
The floating point format to use, one of "e", "f", or "g".  Default: "g".
.TP
\fB\-\-fontsize\fP=\fIINTEGER\fP
Set the font size.  Default: 14.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_align\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Write FST data aligned where appropriate.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_compat_symbols\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Require symbol tables to match when appropriate.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Enable garbage collection of cache.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc_limit\fP=\fIN\fP
Set the cache byte size that triggers garbage collection.  Default: 1048576.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_error_fatal[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
If true, FST errors are fatal.  Otherwise, returned objects are flagged as bad.
For example, FSTs are returned with the \fIkError\fP property set to true, and
FST weights set so that \fIMember()\fP returns false.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_field_separator\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters used as a separator between printed fields.  Default:
"	 ".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_read_mode\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the default file reading mode for mappable files, either "read" or "map".
Default: "read".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_verify_properties\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Verify fst properties queried by TestProperties.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_parentheses\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters enclosing the first weight of a printed composite weight
(e.g., pair weight, tuple weight, and derived classes) to ensure proper I/O of
nested composite weights.  Must have size 0 (none) or 2 (open and close
parenthesis).  Default: no parentheses.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_separator\fP=\fICHARACTER\fP
Set the character separator between printed composite weights.  Default: comma.
.TP
\fB\-\-height\fP=\fIFLOATING_POINT\fP
Set the paper height in inches.  Default: 11.0.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-helpshort\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show brief usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-isymbols\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Set the input label symbol table.  Default: "".
.TP
\fB\-\-nodesep\fP=\fIFLOATING_POINT\fP
Set the minimum separation between nodes.  Default: 0.25.
.TP
\fB\-\-numeric\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Print numeric labels.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-osymbols\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Set the output label symbol table.  Default: "".
.TP
\fB\-\-portrait\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Print in portrait mode.  Default: false (landscape).
.TP
\fB\-\-precision\fP=\fIINTEGER\fP
Set the floating point precision.  Default: 5.
.TP
\fB\-\-ranksep\fP=\fIFLOATING_POINT\fP
Set the minimum separation between ranks.  Default: 0.4.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_ipairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save input relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_opairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save output relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-show_weight_one[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Print/draw arc weights and final weights equal to \fIWeight::One()\fP.
Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-ssymbols\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Set the state label symbol table.  Default: "".
.TP
\fB\-\-title\fP=\fSTRING\fP
Set the figure title.  Default: "".
.TP
\fB\-\-tmpdir\fP=\fIPATHNAME\fP
Set the temporary directory to use.  Default: /tmp.
.TP
\fB\-\-v\fP[=\fIN\fP]
Set the verbosity level.  Default: 0.
.TP
\fB\-\-vertical\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Draw bottom-to-top instead of left-to-right.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-width\fP=\fIFLOATING_POINT\fP
Set the paper width in inches.  Default: 8.5.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fIfstarcsort\fP(1), \fIfstclosure\fP(1), \fIfstcompile\fP(1),
\fIfstcompose\fP(1), \fIfstcompress\fP(1), \fIfstconcat\fP(1),
\fIfstconnect\fP(1), \fIfstconvert\fP(1), \fIfstdeterminize\fP(1),
\fIfstdifference\fP(1), \fIfstdisambiguate\fP(1), \fIfstencode\fP(1),
\fIfstepsnormalize\fP(1), \fIfstequal\fP(1), \fIfstequivalent\fP(1),
\fIfstinfo\fP(1), \fIfstintersect\fP(1), \fIfstinvert\fP(1),
\fIfstisomorphic\fP(1), \fIfstlinear\fP(1), \fIfstloglinearapply\fP(1),
\fIfstmap\fP(1), \fIfstminimize\fP(1), \fIfstprint\fP(1), \fIfstproject\fP(1),
\fIfstprune\fP(1), \fIfstpush\fP(1), \fIfstrandgen\fP(1),
\fIfstrelabel\fP(1), \fIfstreplace\fP(1), \fIfstreverse\fP(1),
\fIfstreweight\fP(1), \fIfstrmepsilon\fP(1), \fIfstshortestdistance\fP(1),
\fIfstshortestpath\fP(1), \fIfstsymbols\fP(1), \fIfstsynchronize\fP(1),
\fIfsttopsort\fP(1), \fIfstunion\fP(1)
