.TH "fstsymbols" "1" "@DATE@" "OpenFst @VERSION@" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
fstsymbols \- manipulate FST symbol tables
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B fstsymbols
[\fIOPTIONS\fP] [\fIin.fst\fP [\fIout.fst\fP]]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Performs operations (set, clear, relabel) on the symbol tables attached to an
FST.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
Boolean options accept either \fItrue\fP or \fIfalse\fP as a value, or the
implicit value \fItrue\fP if neither value is specified.
.TP
\fB\-\-allow_negative_labels\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Allow negative labels (not recommended; may cause conflicts).  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-clear_isymbols\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Clear the input symbol table.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-clear_osymbols\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Clear the output symbol table.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_align\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Write FST data aligned where appropriate.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_compat_symbols\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Require symbol tables to match when appropriate.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Enable garbage collection of cache.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc_limit\fP=\fIN\fP
Set the cache byte size that triggers garbage collection.  Default: 1048576.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_error_fatal[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
If true, FST errors are fatal.  Otherwise, returned objects are flagged as bad.
For example, FSTs are returned with the \fIkError\fP property set to true, and
FST weights set so that \fIMember()\fP returns false.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_field_separator\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters used as a separator between printed fields.  Default:
"	 ".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_read_mode\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the default file reading mode for mappable files, either "read" or "map".
Default: "read".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_verify_properties\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Verify fst properties queried by TestProperties.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_parentheses\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters enclosing the first weight of a printed composite weight
(e.g., pair weight, tuple weight, and derived classes) to ensure proper I/O of
nested composite weights.  Must have size 0 (none) or 2 (open and close
parenthesis).  Default: no parentheses.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_separator\fP=\fICHARACTER\fP
Set the character separator between printed composite weights.  Default: comma.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-helpshort\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show brief usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-isymbols\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Set the input label symbol table.  Default: "".
.TP
\fB\-\-osymbols\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Set the output label symbol table.  Default: "".
.TP
\fB\-\-relabel_ipairs=\fIFILENAME\fP
The input relabel pairs (numeric labels).
.TP
\fB\-\-relabel_opairs=\fIFILENAME\fP
The output relabel pairs (numeric labels).
.TP
\fB\-\-save_isymbols=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save FST file's input symbol table to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_osymbols=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save FST file's output symbol table to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_ipairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save input relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_opairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save output relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-tmpdir\fP=\fIPATHNAME\fP
Set the temporary directory to use.  Default: /tmp.
.TP
\fB\-\-v\fP[=\fIN\fP]
Set the verbosity level.  Default: 0.
.TP
\fB\-\-verify\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Verify FST properities before saving.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fIfstarcsort\fP(1), \fIfstclosure\fP(1), \fIfstcompile\fP(1),
\fIfstcompose\fP(1), \fIfstcompress\fP(1), \fIfstconcat\fP(1),
\fIfstconnect\fP(1), \fIfstconvert\fP(1), \fIfstdeterminize\fP(1),
\fIfstdifference\fP(1), \fIfstdisambiguate\fP(1), \fIfstdraw\fP(1),
\fIfstencode\fP(1), \fIfstepsnormalize\fP(1), \fIfstequal\fP(1),
\fIfstequivalent\fP(1), \fIfstinfo\fP(1), \fIfstintersect\fP(1),
\fIfstinvert\fP(1), \fIfstisomorphic\fP(1), \fIfstlinear\fP(1),
\fIfstloglinearapply\fP(1), \fIfstmap\fP(1), \fIfstminimize\fP(1),
\fIfstprint\fP(1), \fIfstproject\fP(1), \fIfstprune\fP(1), \fIfstpush\fP(1),
\fIfstrandgen\fP(1), \fIfstrelabel\fP(1),
\fIfstreplace\fP(1), \fIfstreverse\fP(1), \fIfstreweight\fP(1),
\fIfstrmepsilon\fP(1), \fIfstshortestdistance\fP(1), \fIfstshortestpath\fP(1),
\fIfstsynchronize\fP(1), \fIfsttopsort\fP(1), \fIfstunion\fP(1)
