.TH "pdtreplace" "1" "@DATE@" "OpenFst @VERSION@" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
pdtreplace \- convert an RTN into a PDT
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B pdtreplace
[\fIOPTIONS\fP] \fIroot.fst rootlabel\fP [\fIrule.fst label...\fP]
[\fIout.fst\fP]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Convert an RTN represented by FSTs and non-terminal labels into a PDT.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
Boolean options accept either \fItrue\fP or \fIfalse\fP as a value, or the
implicit value \fItrue\fP if neither value is specified.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_align\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Write FST data aligned where appropriate.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_compat_symbols\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Require symbol tables to match when appropriate.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Enable garbage collection of cache.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_default_cache_gc_limit\fP=\fIN\fP
Set the cache byte size that triggers garbage collection.  Default: 1048576.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_error_fatal[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
If true, FST errors are fatal.  Otherwise, returned objects are flagged as bad.
For example, FSTs are returned with the \fIkError\fP property set to true, and
FST weights set so that \fIMember()\fP returns false.  Default: true.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_field_separator\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters used as a separator between printed fields.  Default:
"	 ".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_read_mode\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the default file reading mode for mappable files, either "read" or "map".
Default: "read".
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_verify_properties\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Verify fst properties queried by TestProperties.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_parentheses\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the characters enclosing the first weight of a printed composite weight
(e.g., pair weight, tuple weight, and derived classes) to ensure proper I/O of
nested composite weights.  Must have size 0 (none) or 2 (open and close
parenthesis).  Default: no parentheses.
.TP
\fB\-\-fst_weight_separator\fP=\fICHARACTER\fP
Set the character separator between printed composite weights.  Default: comma.
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-helpshort\fP[=\fIBOOLEAN\fP]
Show brief usage information.  Default: false.
.TP
\fB\-\-left_paren_prefix\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Prefix to attach to SymbolTable labels for inserted left parentheses.
Default: "(_".
.TP
\fB\-\-pdt_parser_type\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Construction method, either "left" or "left_sr".  Default: "left".
.TP
\fB\-\-pdt_parentheses\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Set the PDT parenthesis label pairs.
.TP
\fB\-\-right_paren_prefix\fP=\fISTRING\fP
Prefix to attach to SymbolTable labels for inserted right parentheses.
Default: ")_".
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_ipairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save input relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-save_relabel_opairs\fP=\fIFILENAME\fP
Save output relabel pairs to file.  Default: do not save.
.TP
\fB\-\-start_paren_labels\fP=\fIINTEGER\fP
Index to use for the first inserted parentheses; if not specified, the next
available label beyond the highest output label is used.
.TP
\fB\-\-tmpdir\fP=\fIPATHNAME\fP
Set the temporary directory to use.  Default: /tmp.
.TP
\fB\-\-v\fP[=\fIN\fP]
Set the verbosity level.  Default: 0.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fIfstreplace\fP(1), \fIpdtcompose\fP(1), \fIpdtexpand\fP(1), \fIpdtinfo\fP(1),
\fIpdtreverse\fP(1), \fIpdtshortestpath\fP(1)
